and
what's up my kids well first of all I have to give
a touch okay
because there are a lot of people laughing at my
shield okay I don't know I know it may
not seem like it's the most powerful but in
fact compared to the last chapter
of game of thrones this is the best I
mean if we compare it not with the last
chapter under thrones but with the
last full season with this
shield I can defeat North Korea
and another thing against saying well I
'm always promoting my live broadcasts
not announcing on YouTube almost every
night live on the platform
you know yes it's true that later
I ask for some of its extracts and I upload it
to my secondary channel but I have to
warn that all all all the
content of the live broadcasts I don't upload it to the
secondary channel okay if you don't
want to lose the full rights
you have to become members of my
channel in you know I know that many of
you love the content that I upload to the
secondary channel in fact many of
you tell me that you like my
facet in the live broadcasts more than my facets
in the videos on the main channel and I
even know that many  of you
use and well the strata of your to the
secondary channel as if it were a
radio no I put it while
driving I try to work and while you
do things around the house so I have to
present a very
very interesting application and that you are going to love it
is a safe application okay that
more than 40 million people use it it
is compatible with all android
but it is not available in the store
the play so to download it you have to
do it with the link that is in the
description it is very simple ok and with
this application we can download
all the videos from youtube so that later we
can see the travel trades
when you are on a plane when I am at
work or simply download a
ton of videos from our
favorite creators to watch it when you are in a
place that you do not have wifi or data the
truth is that the application is
wonderful because not only with it
can you upload youtube videos but
you can also download videos from
facebook and twitter surely many of
you have seen the circumstance that you
want to download a video that
someone has uploaded on twitter but you can't
and that is very useful for people like like
bastard so they didn't like to
remove things but to steal them and
upload them to their pages you can choose to
download the videos in the format
you want it's worth from the lowest quality
to the most powerful
when I say the most powerful I mean
that you can download the videos up to
4k counting even if they are available
on youtube or wherever you are going to
download it and even if you want you can
download whatever you want in mp3 format
okay in the case for example that
you only want to download the music
I think this
application is wonderful so you know but I
left it in the first line of
description and well tell me something
similar if there is one thing on the internet and
especially on youtube that is magical is
that anyone simply
anyone can
upload content apart from youtube another
platform where people become
known today shows us their best
sides and one of them written by the
staff that I'm going to talk to you about today is
better known as victor although he has already
made a channel on youtube and he is also
known on instagram on facebook that
well-known characters like david a tuerca
and you will ask yourself who is the life you
are well well let's see there are a lot of people  who
becomes known on the internet for doing
experiments at home, for playing very well
at day and for recording
her children's entire lives, for criticizing Dallas for
asking for small tits done roulette and
then there is life, you who as her
name indicates is a trans girl
known live for her great talent
doing nut to me that this girl and
others do is 30 and everyone seems
perfect to me each one does with their life what they want
there are a few 21
who live practically doing the
same thing they did they use milk or
chiqui martín in 'chronicles of martians' and they
earn money practically that way
when you see the same one on the street
who is still and throws money at him he
moves with this girl you throw
money at him and shakes your ass on the
screen the fact that she has indicated
that she is a trans girl no it is not that it has
relevance as such but I do
think that it is something to take into account
the fact that she is a trans girl
when this girl starts uploading
publications like this
because deep down you deserve it
correctly this girl is indicating
that she is pregnant that she gets
pregnant the girls the
prank station and I was left with the same face
that you had left without you there are
many users who still believe in the
three wise men but from there to believe
that a dove and the holy spirit came
to impregnate this girl,
well the truth is that that instinct is impressive
this girl did not do it as a
joke okay this girl is
totally serious about saying that she is pregnant
and many people came to
think that maybe it is not
a trans girl at best this
girl has some features on her
face for which many people have been
mistaken and in reality biologically she was
born a woman what happens is that as I
mentioned before this girl is
dedicated to uploading dances of your air' on her
tito account and in neighborhoods of them
well you can see something hanging something
hanging that indicates that well unless she
is a hermaphrodite then there is not much
possibility of her getting pregnant
once the [ __ ] thief the swimsuit
things become a little more controversial
when after having uploaded that video
saying that she was pregnant she uploads
this other one
but never
and they start to complain because the  damn that
wasn't a pregnancy that's what it was it's called
'burger king' I want to make it very clear that
I don't care what
sexual orientation this girl may have, her
gender, how she was born
biologically, what I care about is what
she feels if she feels like
a woman to me she is a woman and I'm
going to speak to her in the feminine because she
refers to herself in the feminine the
problem is not that I'm nobody to
say if this person is a girl or a boy and
if she can get pregnant or not the
problem is that I'm not the one who says it,
science here says it and this girl
got a rebound from 15 because people do
n't believe that she is really pregnant
and when she decided to create her
YouTube channel and her first three or four
videos have been her complaining complaining about
people well actually the first
video was to announce to her
followers that she is pregnant that
something very important has happened in her life and
that news is that she is pregnant and well
not to direct or then define
pregnant that it has been two months since I
got pregnant and I think that
people who have a hard time understanding it because it is
simple it
is a boy it is not a girl it
is impossible  but really with the
courses that I love the most there are people who
found it strange that this girl
starts saying she's pregnant it's
like if I'm walking down the street and
suddenly I find a panda bear on the corner
buying the newspaper hey
call me weird but allow me it kind of
surprised me a little and you'll
forgive me for looking but pregnancies
can only happen in one way and there are
things that are obvious they are when
you get home on a Friday
night making a croquette what
happened well
that also lived to the joy of the
bathroom of the bar downstairs from your house with
pregnancies the same thing happens if you get
home pregnant and you tell the
doctor I extracted there was only an
alternative future and for them they have had to
give some natural circumstances that you
don't fulfill honey and you go people it's that we
wait because then there are people who
tell me that I'm a man and that I can't
that I'm a man I don't know what
but excuse me but the veil has not come out
to call me a man is yours where did that one
come from that is very few of the 40
have very little  90 lindens
I love it because they are super outraged
that someone is using the logic that
a person who is born a man cannot
get pregnant using
transphobia of course they can as it is like for
example female localities and is not a
woman can be loading on your
dead calling you [ __ ] [ __ ]
whatever and the moment you grab
and respond stupid grab and jump
on you and 7 sexist sexist oppressor well
this is the same there are no people
trying to reason with this girl because she is
a girl I accept it each one is what they
feel if you feel like a man
were a man if you feel like a woman you
are a woman as if you want to feel like
a crocodile
but what can not be because
nature does not want is that if you do not have a
reproductive system where you have to
have it and I am talking about the reproductive system
of women no in fact one thing that is
needed to procreate to have
offspring like this-west is because of its
magnitude you do not have it it gives life to me I would
like to have a dog that does not
become  and it can't be taken for a few days
where it has been a few days with a horrible bad body
it is possible with nausea pain
of equipment to the body is terrible and some
pills have already been to the doctor saying
that they were bad the most that they
could prescribe you is to have an
aspirin the only pill that I
recommend is some brake pads
please so that you do
this so you don't complicate your life honey
before things can get complicated it is
counting on the pregnancy to continue
forward where by pressing not at the time
of getting the demon out of inside
things would get complicated hello everyone
I am so fed up fed up and high it even
seems to me that this girl is fed up I
'm not sure but I think she says that she is
fed up transsexual that she is not
transsexual
[Music]
that she is not transsexual look at that
area so incredible like when I
get modest with my audience and I
tell them that I am not handsome that she has seen my
smile
this is the only way there is to
get pregnant but that you do one
thing in the comments put the minute
which has caused you the most kringe the minute
in which we  they have made me want to
rip your lungs out but let's
bite I understand that right now there is something that has become
pregnant but let's go
back to what we were talking about and that is that
this girl was saying that she
was no longer transgender what happens is that in the
previous video she said the following
collective and I is collective and I
was already the action of the part of the
contradiction here as such it seems to me
a lack of respect that she denies being
transgender because she has done it in life
you have to feel proud proud
of whatever
in fact with you life I that I am its
complete mess has already said it before me
if this person refers to her as
the feminine I refer to her in the
feminine but there are parts in the
video where she is referred to as
a girl and is spoken of in the feminine and there is
another part in which is spoken of
masculine
and I love that people accuse him of
telling him that he wants to fake a pregnancy
to gain followers since what a way to
gain followers I
mean we have seen people giving
cookies with toothpaste to a homeless man
we have seen people pretending to stab a
homeless man then for example there is this turbo plan
that he gains followers  talking about wind
in or for example in his brother who
directly does not gain followers but
someone explain to me what way to gain
followers is to get pregnant because
if a pregnancy is synonymous with gaining
followers I have two children where the hell
is my million dollar badge what is an
argument I really do not understand and well
life has already spent three videos
staying on your channel not protesting
because people do not believe you because you
really are pregnant I am
totally sure that he has put the
right ball that the next video he will make
will be something like I am fed up I can not take it
anymore abortion success aunt I do not care exactly
if you are a girl or a boy but it is
exactly the same whether it is sexual or doing what makes
everyone feel the only thing that
worries me is that they go back to school
because in biology it is screwed and nothing
else I have to tell you life the
only thing so I can add to this video
is that it is good to be careful when
squeezing when you defecate in case it is
premature and to you
guys well I hope you
liked the video many likes
many comments and see you
next